All right so here we have a growing plant.
We are growing a plant that grows by a little bit every day but at night time it shrinks a little bit
and then we want to track how long it will take us to get to our desired height.
How many days will it take.
So if we have an up speed of 100 a down street of 10 and desired height of 910 it will take us 10 days
because every day it goes up then drops by 10 goes up by a hundred just by 10 it goes up by a hundred
drops of I-10 that happens ten times over 10 days.
I don't really have any hints for this one.
This is a basic logic type algorithm.
Let's go to and dive into my solution.
All right so the way that I solve this was like two variables one a day because that's what we want
to return down after things then just go ahead and start by setting Day Zero right because that's that's
our story.
And at the end here we just want to return day because that's that's our that's our goal here is updating
day.
And then we also want to keep track of the total height.
So let's go ahead and create a total height or is this equal to zero as well.
And what we need to do is understand that while our total height is less than our desired height remember
how high we want it to be before we return the day we need to go ahead and set total height plus equals
to the up speed.
Meaning how much it grows and then if total height is less than our desired height we're going to minus
the total height minus the down speed.
That's really it at the end.
So a little something like this wall total height is less than desired height.
While that is a true statement we want to go ahead and add a day.
Now if you choose me let's go ahead and make that days.
So that's one that's more that's more correct.
And if we wanted to now we have that we're going to go ahead and increment total height pluck plus equals
to the speed and.
Oh.
And of course let's make sure that we for turn are gone so we can see everything.
And that was all that this will work for what we have here.
But the issue with this is later on when there were more complex problems there was issues where we
were decrement we haven't decremented yet right.
So you'll see here oh that looks to work.
But we also need to take total height and we need to.
Minus equals the down speed.
And now you'll see we get that 11.
So how can we solve that.
Well a couple of ways I solve is pretty simple.
It just put me here.
So if total height is less than desired height
you go ahead and
just do that and say look don't decrement it because we already hit our goal.
Want a break.
We'll also have wraps.
You know this there's a couple different ways.
But this is pretty straightforward.
And the solution here is just go with the logic again we keep track of the current height current and
I would have been a better descriptor variable than total high then we keep track of the days we increment
the day we add to the total height total height is ever less than the desired height we decrement because
now we're going through the night cycle.
If it isn't we're going to go ahead and we've beat our wall condition here.
This is now a false statement and it's going to return days.